Ferrari SP3 v Pagani Huayra DRAG RACE_transcript

What will win in a drag race between a Ferrari SP3 and a Pagani Huayra? Well, I'm going to find out by racing them over the standing quarter mile. I'm M Watson and you're watching Car Wow. The Ferrari Daytona SP3 has a 6.5 L naturally aspirated V12, 840 horsepower, 697 new m of torque. It's rear wheel drive and uses a seven-speed dual clutch automatic gearbox with launch control. It weighs around 1,600 kg and costs in excess of £4 million. The Bagani Wa Roadster BC has a 6 L twin turbo V12, 802 horsepower, 1,50 new m of torque, rear wheel drive, and a 7-speed automated manual gearbox with launch control. It weighs around 1,350 kg and costs in excess of 4 million. Oh my god, I'm sat in a very expensive car. And next to me, it's a very expensive car. Both rear wheel drive, both have plenty of power. What is going to happen? Let's have a chat with the driver of that car. Hey Sam, have you driven a Pagani Wira much? You know, every other week. This is my daily Matt. You know, I've driven an SP3 so often. I'm quite bored of them now. I've got about four at my disposal and I just thought I'd bring the silver one today. Yeah, they're just bang average these cars, but it's the end of the day. We'll get something done and put it in the bag. Before we race, let's have a quick sound check. I think I'm going to win this because Ferrari V12. Have a listen. Oh [Music] no. Me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me definitely. Yeah, can't argue against a Ferrari, can you? Listen, I want to say a huge thanks to the guys that have lent us this car. Also Al a city municipality and the Tila Swayan drag race strip. really appreciate it and supercar Melus for sorting out this drag race. Oh, and a big thanks to Ryan from Size X as well. Should we get on with this race? Ready to race? Let's see if we can engage launch first. Manual. Manual. Launch. Launch control then. I am good. Do you have launch? I do and it's wonderful. You have to turn absolutely everything off. So that's good. Rather you than me. Let's get our beautiful starter in. Beautiful Will, can you come and um do your best bit? 3 2 1, [Music] right, Will, I have a very short window. Window or Willie? What did you say? I have a very short what? Willie, but it's extremely wide. Is it wider than it's long? We say in Ireland is indeed bigger sitting than you standing. Too many of the jokes. 3 2 1. We're off. Come on. [Music] Dropped it. Where is he? No chance. [Music] Wow. [Music] Sam, why? Ra, why? What happened? Traction issue. Do you want another guide? Reckon you'll get it better? Yeah, that was just cold tires. It will go better if the uh lovely gentleman who let us do this will let us. Yes, it will go better. Okay, I'll let you have one more go. Best two out of three. That sentence makes no sense. What? Two out of three. You said, "Oh, yeah. Sorry. One more go." Best two out of three. I'll shut up. This has got a lovely brown interior. Was it cream before? Yeah. Oh my god. Come on. You're a professional. 3 2 1. Oh, close. [Music] Come on, Ferrari. Yes. [Music] Yeah, he's got traction issues. This is quick. It's mad how it puts down his power. Really good. Same machine. Yeah, same issue. It's a4 million pound issue. Do you know what we're going to four million? What? Same here. Snap. Okay. Right. What we'll do is the thing and then we will actually do something a little bit different. So, let's compare the times. So then what exactly happened? Well, the Ferrari won. It completed the standing quarter mile in 10.6 seconds. The Pagani took 11.2 seconds. Before our next race, a little message that could save you big time. If you're looking to buy a used car, bike, or van anytime soon, then this is for you. We've partnered with our friends at Car Vertical to give you a special offer to check that it's not a write off, stolen, or had its mileage changed. Look at this Audi RS3 on Carver Vertical. It's got green ticks for odometer and legal status, but a damage warning. Why? It was previously involved in an accident and was a cat site. You'd never have known that without a car history check. So, when buying a used car, bike, or van, run a car vertical report using code carwow for 20% off or by following the link in the description. Now, back to the race. Matt, what speed are you thinking? 20 km an hour. Oh, Christ. Okay. Will that not work? Would you rather do something else? No. All my chips are now in the middle of the table. Okay, let's do it. Right, Sam, what we going to do now is have a rolling race. We'll get our starter to start us and we'll keep going past the quarter mile and then onto the half mile. We'll see who wins. Okay. If we must, we must. 3 2 1. [Music] Where's that? Is he coming back? Coming back. I don't think so. Right. I tell you what, this had better traction management, didn't it? Yeah. This is amazing. It's got loads of power. And to be fair, and it maybe if it had a better cycle on the tires, it would have done better, but you had the same amount of heat as I did, so fair is fair. Okay, what I want you to do is stay level with me. Then I'm going to say break and we'll see which one stops in the shortest distance. Okay, 3 2 1 break. Well, I think there we go. I'm just going to pull forward to get level with you and you'll see exactly how much more the Ferrari outreach. Half a car's length, I reckon. What do you think about that? Yeah, this is really stiff, so I don't think that helped it. Yeah, this did a really good job. Really impressive. Love it. Want to say a huge thanks to everyone who's helped us out with this video. Now, if you want to compare these cars quarter mile times to everything else we've ever drag race, just click on the carw logo. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next