BMW M5 CS v Audi RS6 GT v AMG E63 S DRAG RACE_transcript

What will win in a drag race between the new Audi RS6 GT, the lovely BMW M5 CS, or just a standard Mercedes MG E63S? Well, I'm going to find out by racing them over the standing quarter mile quarter mile. I'm M Watson, and you're watching Car Wow. The Audi RS6 GT has a 4 L twin turbo V8 with 630 horsepower and 850 new m of torque. It sends power to all four wheels for an 8-speed automatic gearbox, and the car weighs in at 2,75 kg. The GT cost nearly 177,000 when it went on sale, but already all 660 units have sold out. Amazing. The BMW M5 CS has a 4.4 L twin turbo V8 with 635 horsepower and 750 new m of torque. It also sends power to all four wheels for an 8-speed automatic gearbox. This car weighs in at £1,825 kg, so it's quite a bit lighter than the Audi. When the M5 CS was on sale, it cost just under £141,000. The Mercedes AMG E63S has a 4 L twin turbo V8 with 612 horsepower and 850 new m of torque. This drives all four wheels for a 9-speed multiclutch automatic gearbox. The car weighs in at 1,990 kilos. when it was new in 2017. This E63S cost from just over £87,000. I tell you what, this car looks distinctive. Now, it's not going to be to everyone's taste, but I like it. It reminds me of like the radio control cars I used to have as a kid. You know, the white body, the stickers, the white wheels, these white dials as well. I'm not sure what the others think. Nick, what do you reckon to look at this GT? I think it's gonna look great when they finished painting it, but at the moment there are some big gaps in that IMS livery, which feels a little bit halfbaked to me. Sam in the Mercedes, 12year-old me loves that car, but adult me seems to think I don't know, it might look a little bit silly. And the demographic of who can afford that car may not want that look. Okay, so I think I'm still being 12-year-old me then. I'm just the manchild cuz I really like it. Though, I also really like that M5. I mean, look at it. The goldy bits just set it off. That green paint is matte. Oh. Oh, I love that car. This just looks absolutely maggot. It's quite Christmy. Green and gold, and it's got red bits inside. Sam, have you anything to add? Probably not. Let's not talk to you. Um, let's I've been a bit of an ass to you today. You haven't You haven't seen this on camera. I've been winding Sam up. I don't know why. It's a bit like poking a lion or poking a bear. Sorry. You have been particularly horrible to me today. And all I would add is that that car is perfect and I will get you back for all the horrible things you've done. Absolutely. Well, I don't know why I do it. I think it's some kind of like sadistic trait that I have sedo masochistic cuz it's going to come back and buy me anyway. Don't need to hear all about that. It's basically a stream of consciousness. Let's hear the engine noises of these cars instead. So, I've got this one in it sport setting. Let's rev it up. I bet there's a soft limiter. Yeah, even with this one. soft limiters. They make me go. I don't know if we can put that in the video. Sorry if you got children and you're watching with them. Can we hear the BMW? Oh, of course we can. What? On the CS? No. I used to have one of those. 5,000 RPM soft limiter. I had to check that the exhaust loudness button was on, but it doesn't sound very good in here. Now, before we get to the Mercedes, I just want to say a huge thanks to Zayn. F1 German is his Instagram. Go follow him there. He's lent us the Mercedes. Zayn's car ain't standard. Let's see what he's done to it. Zam, good old Zayn's fitting an exhaust. Sounds mega. Now, Zayn actually rents that car out. So, if you want to rent it, you can rent it from him. Just go to his Instagram. Zayn bizarrely also has a sweet shop. So, if you want some sweets, check out Elements. He normally comes with sweets to these shoots and um it's a bit of a feeder. Thankfully, I haven't bought any today, which is good job cuz I need to lose some weight. Speaking of weight, this is the heaviest car here. Is that going to go against it? We're going to find out. Let's drag race. This is saying launch control not possible. See manuals. Let me have a play with it. Okay, let's go to this. Yeah. So, it's an older one. It's not doing that either. Drive. It's not. Now, I'm sure you used to do that, but I've done every mode. Every iteration. You've just done everything, haven't you? Absolutely. No, I know. Every single one of them. Every single one of them. Race start not possible. Ser manual. Yeah. So, what? What's it? Oh, hold on. Activating race start. You can activate race start under the following doors. Bonnet lid are closed. Engine is running and the transmission and engine are at optimum temperature. The steering wheel is in a straight ahead position. The vehicle is on level ground. The vehicle is stationary. Transmission is in position D. Yeah. One of the drive programs S or S+ or race is selected. Yeah. Rapidly depress accelerator. Pedal fully. Uh the race start cannot be activated. The race start is not piss. [Music] Even after admitting he's being horrible today, he's still going. Try just flooring it. I think that's the way in it. Let's try. Three, two, one. Wa, that was a horrible bog. Quattro allwheel drive off the line. Come on. [Music] Oh, Matt's absolutely flown. You can't fault that. It's a little bit wet and I think that really played into this Audi's hands. I mean, it absolutely rocketed off the line and that BMW was dropped. What happened, Nick? I had a great launch from zero to one mile per hour and then all of a sudden, even though traction is completely off, it's in four-wheel drive mode. It just took all the power away and I thought something had broken. Yeah. What happens is even though it says traction off, it's not off. It's in like some kind of launch control mode. So, it is managing the traction and so you lost traction and it just cacked itself. How about you, Sam? So, I was like the opposite to what Nick said. It didn't have the best launch, but then it hooked up really, really well. But that Audi just got off the line, didn't it? My god. But, you know, let's do it. At least best two out of three. I'm so confident I might even let you do three out of five. Let's play some more. He's going to hunt hunt for a dry spot. I really don't care. This thing just hawks. Do you know what I'm thinking right now, Nick? I'm thinking that Quattro is better than X drive. Well, let's see. I have faith in this M5 CS. We know this thing is an absolute rocket. I think it's beaten every car like this we put it up against. So, um, let's just see if it's learned the surface a bit. Not today, I don't think, matey. But let's find out. Three, two, one. Oh, he has learned the Oh, no. He had a stutter. Oh, that was still really bad. [Music] Come on. [Applause] You get in there. But another win to the Audi. Was that better though, Nick? I saw yours take off and then die. It's so frustrating. It It takes off really well. The first sort of kick is amazing. And then it gets to about 4,000 RPM and just slumps over. I've got literally no power at all. I have no idea what to Everything's off. It shouldn't be allowed to take the power away, but it still is. I'm definitely gaining on you though towards the end of the quarter mile. That was a bit like deja vu. I'm sure we had this conversation. So, even though it says it's off, when it's in launch control, it is managing the power. So, there's literally nothing we can do about it. This is just what this car does on this runway in these conditions, I suppose. Do you know what I reckon you should do? You need to drive down there, get some real temperature into those tires. Sam, how is it for you? So, this gets going and it's really quick, but it doesn't allow any wheel spin at all. So, it kind of rolls off the line in the start and that's the slow part. Right. And Nick, best three out of five. It's two to the Audi. And it'll stay that way. I think I've got this. Three, two, one. Oh, we might have. Yes. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Right. Well, I'm cool. No. [Music] Come on. I got a bad launch then. Bye, Matt. My gosh, Nicholas. I think it appears to be game on. That was mega. That's the M5 CS. I know. My car was slightly slower then. It didn't do as good a job. The quattro let me down slightly. You were gaining on me as well, Sam. I think Matthew, I think I might have won that. We need to get the line on that one. That was close. Ooh, 2-1 to the Audi. Let's go again. It'll really throw a spanner in the works if Sam, you win the next one. Also, was that a jump for you, Nick, do you reckon? Did Nick jump the start? Uh, he did not jump the start. Nice try, Sam. Nice try. Formal protest. Come on, Quattro. Three, two, one. [Music] Oh, we're on. We're on with Nick. Oh, this is such a good start. Yeah, we're so close. Oh my god, that BW is fast now. Whoa, I'm being slaughtered now. [Applause] [Music] Bye, Matt. [Applause] Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I wish I'dn't been so smug and say, "Ah, I can be here all day." I'm so confident I might even let you do three out of five. Cuz now I've got to say true to my word. We have to do best three out of five. These races are getting closer and closer each time, though. I know I've won the last two, but the pressure is really on now, cuz you got a great launch that time. It's getting slower, this thing. Why would it be getting slower, Sam? Heat soak, diff management, drive shaft management. There could be loads of things that are just protecting itself, I would have thought. Okay, I'm going to go for a little drive. Let have a bit of a cool down. I'm going to take this seriously. 3 2 1 Come on. Come on. Come on, BMW. Come on. No, I'm not going to get bad launcher than that. I'm ahead of Matt. I'm ahead of Matt. No, [Applause] not going to lie, Nick. I will not get a better launch than that and it it did the job. But fact is you came past and you won best three out of five. Congratulations. I'd love to take the credit, but it's all down to the car. This thing just feels like it's getting better and better and better. That was the smoothest launch. least dramatic, but probably the quickest I've had all day. But Sam, you think that car has got a lot of power. It's just not doing a good launch. So, it's going to be interesting what happens in the rolling race. Yeah, I think this might have the guns to do quite well in that race. It's definitely going to beat the Audi. I'm not too sure about the Beamer yet, but we'll see. We will see. But first, this. So, then what exactly happened? Well, the BMW won. It completed the standing/4 mile in 11 seconds dead. The Audi took 11.3 seconds and the Mercedes crossed the line last with a time of 11.5 seconds. If you're changing your car, then you got to check out CarWow because there's nothing quite like knowing that you're getting a great price both when selling your old car and finding a new one. Carw makes all the stuff that's hard work about car changing like the haggling, the no-shows, and the nasty surprises a thing of the past. Lifechanging. Now, if you want to go a car wow right now, I've put a link in the description of this video and the pin comment. Alternatively, you can click on the pop out banner app in the top right hand corner of the screen now or scan the QR code on screen using your mobile phone to go directly there. Car change car. Wow. Now, we can have a rolling race over the half mile. We're going to put the cars into their normal chill driving mode. So, not sport or anything like that. And we're going to have them in automatic mode with the gearbox. We're going to cruise along 50 mph. I'm going to count it in and we'll see which car is quickest to the half mile marker. Is everyone ready? Wait a sec. Sorry. This has more modes than I'm used to. I need to What is normal? I've got road, sport, and track. Road feels normal. Everyone level with me. 3 2 1 go. That took a forever to kick down. The BMW's booger. Wow. Okay. [Applause] That was lovely. The Mercedes is just easing ahead. No, this car when you've got it in comfort mode, it really does focus on comfort. That's one of the beautiful things I think about the RS6 is it just feels like a normal Audi A6 when you just want to cruise about. That was evident there with how it kicked down in a very smooth, relaxed way and then it pulled but it was too late. You'd gone, Nick, because your car is always like on edge, isn't it? Even if you're in like road mode. Yeah, that was a pretty intense pickup, I thought. Even though Yeah, just in auto, just in road. Just absolutely went for it. Oh, by the way, formal protest. I don't have a front splitter. So, I think if I had the front splitter, I would have won all the drag races and probably that first rolling race as well. That's a nice little excuse there. I'm sure it's making very little difference, but it it's just a styling change. It's been personalized, that car has, by a pothole. Yes. and a steering wheel ferry. Okay, let's go again. Let's go into sports mode. Let's do a second gear roll on from 30 miles an hour. Matt, this has gone into limp mode. Hey, Sam. What's happened? I don't know. It's gone into limp mode. It sounds like it's missing. So, they said it had a spark plug change. Got a Wasp. Have I? Yeah, it's a big one. It's kind of followed me about a bit. They said it had a spark plug change. Yeah. I wonder was it a bad spark plug change? I don't know. That sounds like oily and mechanicy thing for me. It's smells a bit fy as well. So, it's unburning fuel. So, that would suggest a spark plugy issue, but yeah, it's not very healthy. Oh, let's remove it from the race then. So, not not just the front splitter. No. Okay. No. And it's a valid excuse. So, I'm going to keep that one. I might actually put it into the hardback comp. That's a good one. Okay. Right. I'll crack on against the BMW then. The very best of luck, sir. Yeah. I think I'm going to need it. Come on then, Nick. Let's do it. Roll on for second from 30. Here we go. Three, two, one, go. [Music] This is very close now, but I'm pulling ahead. Yes, please. [Applause] Go. It's close. That is quick. Oh, I'm getting defeated now, aren't I? Your day was off to such a good start, wasn't it? But I'd say these cars are pretty even until we get to sort of the 130 140 mph range and then this really starts to pull away, doesn't it? Okay, let's let's just have one more go. Let's do third gear from 50. 3 2 1 go. Oh, talky nos. Come on. Come on, Audi. Don't let him come past. I think I can pull him back in. Yes, I can. Come on. Don't let go down. Don't let Eng Come on. I can see him passing me. Oh, yes, I can. It was quite interesting. You could see the difference. This clearly has more torque, doesn't it, in the mid-range, but that just holds onto its torque for longer. I think that is doing more than BMW claim. I'm telling you, I could quite easily believe that this is way north of 635 horsepower and 750 new meters. The torque figure especially. Do you know what, Nick? We've actually done a video when we've compared the power and torque figures from an Audi RS6 and Mercedes MG E63S and a BMW M5 on a rolling road dyno. And it's really interesting the results. If you want to see exactly who's the biggest liar about their plumbing power and dor figures, click on the pop out bar in the top right hand corner of the screen. Or if you're watching on smart TV, just scan the QR code that we're putting on screen now with your phone. It will take you there. Anyway, let's move on. Brake test from 100 mph. Car that stops in the shortest distance wins. Oh, I'm going to move closer. Where's the bloody Is it It can't be manual. It's bloody manual. I want to get closer for more foot power on the brake. There we go. 100 mph. [Applause] Stop. What the hell happened there? Did you forget to break? No, I definitely break. I can tell by the bruise under my thigh from the carbon testy shelf in this seat. But that thing stopped like you drove into a tree. That was insanely good, wasn't it? I almost feel like I cheated. Did I cheat? Connor done. Let's do one more. Now, if you'd rather watch another drag race with some German cars, click on the pop out banner up there or follow the QR code on screen now with your mobile phone. If you want to find out if I cheated in that brake test, stay here. Let's do it. Go on. Round two. Can't believe I'm doing a best two out of three brake test. [Music] It's really funny. I almost gave myself a hernia pressing the pedal so hard then. Yeah. Bizarrely, you won that time. Do you know what we need to do? Do we need to do best three out of five with the brake test, too? Not three out of five. Let's just leave it as the next one is the decider. Best two out of three. You didn't win by as much as I won the last time. No, that is true. Your first win was comprehensive. Right. Here we go. Finally. Then last time I was a bit over 100. That might have been the reason. I'm bang on 100 now. Here's a line. This slid sideways then. That was really funny. This bit so well. And then at one point he went slightly sideways. Just ever so slightly drifting to the side. I thought, "Right, I'm beating here." But do you know what, Nick? I have no idea. I cannot believe how even this is. Maybe we do have to do No, let's not do best three out of five. But I think judging by where that crease in the concrete is, I think it's further forward on your door, which means you're further back, which means you won. I'm going to double check. I haven't done this for a while. Thing is, this car has quite a big overhang. I'm not sure. You can see that my car's at an angle for where it went sideways. Ooh. Well, you know what? Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight feet. Use your feet cuz you got bigger feet than me. You know what they say, big feet, big shoes. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Seven. Seven. Definitely the Audi one. Have a look at this though. Look at the angle that it's at. Oh. It didn't like Rutland. It wanted to be somewhere else. Honestly, if it hadn't actually done that sideways bit when it hit I don't know what it was. Maybe it was some grass or something. It'd have been further back there. Yeah. Well, it won anyway. Yes. One foot is as good as 50 right now, isn't it? Wow, that was fun. So, the Audi won the brake test. Hope you all enjoyed the video. If you did, give it a like. If you want to watch some other videos, then click on the video windows. If you haven't already, make sure you subscribe to this channel and hit the bell icon to turn your notifications on. That way, you won't miss our next drag race. And of course, if you want to compare these cars quart mile times to everything else we've ever drag raced, then click on the Carw Wow logo to check out the Carw Wow drag race leaderboard. Thanks for watching.