BMW M4 v Ariel Atom 4R DRAG RACE_transcript

What will happen in a drag race between a BMW M4 competition and an aerial Atom 4R? Well, I'm going to find out by racing them over the standing quarter mile. I'm Matt Watson. You're watching Car Wow. The Atom 4R has a 2 L turbocharged 4-cylinder engine with 406 horsepower, 500 Nm of torque, rear wheel drive, and a six-speed sequential gearbox with launch control. It weighs 665 kg and cost from around £80,000. The BMW M4 Competition has a 3 liter twin turbo straight 6, 530 horsepower, 650 Newton meters, all-wheel drive, and an 8-speed automatic gearbox with launch control. It weighs 1,775 kg and cost from £91,000. Hey, Sam. You all right? Hello, bud. You look a spaceship type thing. What's going on? Well, I'm wondering what's going on as well because I think this is the wrong way round. They've given us the wrong cars. Surely I should be in the easy to launch automatic four-wheel drive passenger car and you should be in the racing car that's rear wheel drive and got a lot of power and is a bit scary. Yeah, but this has got a testicle shelf and I always insist on a testicle shelf. So, I'm happy again. I'm going to need some big bollocks to drive this thing cuz it can be quite Larry. Shall we start our cars? We both have push button starts, don't we? [Music] though. Mine sending weird vibrations through my bottom. How about yours? A little bit more of a hum than a vibration. Look at that vibrating. I could clean my teeth a bit. So, what do you think is going to happen? Do you think you're going to win? Um, yes. I do think I'm going to win. I like your confidence. I think I'm going to win. What do you think? I disagree. Okay, good chat. Should we do a rev test? I'll rev first. I think I'll win this. [Music] I can hear you blow off, so that's nice. Yeah, I like a blowoff. Go. That's nice, dude. You know what? I'd like to put that engine into this. The revs, it feels like this has got a massive flywheel in it. The revs take ages to go up and down. Probably has a big dirty flywheel. This one doesn't. [Music] That's got a 10 ppiece flywheel there. Yeah, that's really good. Right, I'm going to put my helmet on. While I'm doing that, you um play with your helmet. The crew's got my helmet safe and sound. Sam's got a detachable helmet. You heard it here first. If you like drag races, we started a new channel, Carw Drags. Go check it out. What we put on there is condensed version of our best drag races. So, if you can't be able to all this waffle, you can just watch the normal drag races over there in condensed format. It's a lot of fun. So, go over there, subscribe to that. Some exciting content going on there [Music] soon. Come on. Beauty. No. [Music] No, [Music] no. I thought you were going to have me there, Sam. I morally won. I beat you off the line and the majority of the quarter mile I won and then I think I was reeling you back in towards the end. So overall in a block of four I won. Um can I have another chance at um winning the majority of the race? I I don't know. Best two out of three. Yeah, I'll give you another goal to have a try try and win. That's no problem. Bizarre bizarre logic of [Music] Sam. Come on. [Music] [Music] Did you win again? That was closer, but I still won. Oh, let's do the thing. So then what exactly happened? Well, the aerial won. It completed the standing/4 mile in 11.1 seconds. The BMW took 11.2 seconds. Before our next race, a little message that could well help you if you're looking to buy a used car, bike, or van anytime soon. We've partnered with our friends at Car Vertical to give you a special offer to check that it's not a write-off, stolen, or had its mileage changed. Look at this BMW 3 series on Car Vertical. It's got green ticks for odometer and finance, but a damage warning. Why? It was previously involved in an accident and was a cat write off. You'd never have known that without a car history check. So when buying a used car, bike or van, run a car vertical report using code carow for 20% off or by following the link in the description. Now back to the race. We're going have a rolling race and we're going to roll in just about 10 mph in first. Will's going to count us in 3 2 1 go. And then we're going to race over the quart mile and the half mile. Now, if you want to check out the latest offers on the BMW M4, found a good offer through CarWag. Click on the pop out there or scan the QR code on screen now to see what the offer is and the spec of the M4 I've gone for. Is this to assist you in the reaction time stuff, Matt? Is that what's is it going to help you? I just like to be nearer to Will. Hi. [Music] Wow. Wow. Holy [Applause] [Music] Okay, that was that. Yeah, big difference. You can call the next race. What do you want to do? This didn't like that first gear. It was all out of sync. So, I think like a third gear roll on, I think, to the half mile might give this a better shot. We got an itchy head. scratched it with the helmet. 3 2 1 go. [Music] It's coming back. Yeah, that was closer. I took off and then it was just level the whole way. This was actually reeling you back in, but once you're going north of 150, 160, it's kind of irrelevant, isn't it? I did put this into two wheel drive as well to try and get some lack of drivetrain resistance as well. I'm not sure if that helped you. Might have been a bad idea. You just want to be too clever for your own good. Anyway, let's do a brake test. If you'd rather watch another drag race with some crazy sports cars, then click on the pop-up ban or scan the QR code on screen. Do you want to see what happens here? This could be a chance for Sam to redeem himself. Um, to stay, stay, and watch. [Music] Who wouldn't you? Me. Oh, that's close. Who won that? I'm sitting further back, but I might be longer than you. I think the back of my car is further back than yours, is it not? But my bottom is this side of the line. Your bottom's forward that line. Yeah. You get out cuz I can't get out. I think I've won. You do it from the front of the car. You could have a bloody train, my friend, and say you won cuz your ass is back up there. It's the front. This is longer. I'm seeing which back of the car is further forwards. It's the front of the Who's one. It's so competitive. I'm much longer than you. Yeah. Yeah. This is why I'm looking at the back. I'm trying to see who's further forward. I'm You're further forwards. I don't know. The front of your car is ahead of my Okay. All I know is that's 75 tons. Okay. And you're in a milk bottle. But when you measure it, right, you know, when like you're talking about braking, what what hits the what would hit something? The back of your car. Well, the back of your car might if you're going really really quickly. Yeah. But the front of your car is what hits something, but it's longer. No, the backs are level, but you you're braking when your nose touches the line. That's when your braking starts. And I start I start braking when my nose touches the line. So, it's how far it goes. Okay. Granted, fine. That's 75 tons. Okay, you won. Thank you morally. Anyway, listen. I hope you enjoyed the video. If you did, give it a like. Let me know. Does Sam always have to cheat or do I always have to have the fastest car? Which one's which or is it is it both? Also, if you want to compare these cars quite a mile times to everything else we've ever drag race, click on the carw logo now to check out the carw drag race leader. I've got to say it. Check out the carwo drag race leaderboard. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time.