Bugatti Chiron Super Sport v Pur Sport DRAG RACE_transcript

What will win in a drag race between a Bugatti Chiron Super Sport or a Bugatti Chiron persport? Well, I'm going to find out by racing them over the standing quarter mile. I'm Matt Watson and you're watching Car Wow. The Bugatti Chiron Super Sport has an 8 L quadturbo W16 with 1600 horsepower, 1,600 new m of torque, allwheel drive, a seven-speed dual clutch automatic with launch control. It weighs in at 1,995 kgs and this one cost from around5 million pounds. The Bugatti Shiron Purport also has an 8 liter quad turbo W160. Though this one has 1500 horsepower, 1,600 Newton meters of torque while it's also got the same all-wheel drive system and 7-speed dual clutch automatic gearbox. It does have slightly shorter gear ratios than the SUP Sport. It's also ever so slightly lighter at 1,945 kilos. Terms of the price, very similar to the Super Sport, £5 million including options. I just want to say a huge thank you to Supercars Matchless Hyper Club and Ryan Cybex for setting this race up and Alain City Municipality for lending us the Tillow Suhan dragstrip to race on. This is a special moment because there's a lot of debate about which of these two cars will be quickest over the stunning quarter mile. We know this is quickest top speed cuz it's got the record, but that has lower gearing. I don't know. Let's find out from it driver what they think is going to happen. Hey Sam, you in your happy place? I've been in worse places. So, you've got the Bugatti that is designed for track driving, more involving drive. It's about corners, but while you have 100 less horsepower than me, you have lower gearing, less weight. What do you think's going to happen? I think it's written on the tin, isn't it? I'm going to beat you off the line. It'll probably beat you to the quarter, and when we have the rolling, it'll be anyone's game. Do you know what? I don't think it's going to be that straightforward. I reckon it's going to be down to just getting the launch right, and whichever car does that best wins. Before we do that, though, should we have a little listen to the noise that they make, see if they sound any different. It's the same, right? They sound quite similar. I think they do have different exhaust, though. Mine sounds a bit more rumbly than yours. That's just your stomach cuz we haven't had lunch yet, mate. So, should we get racing? Then we can have lunch cuz, you know, this is a bit of a pain having to do this. Oh, let's go race our beanies. It's so dull. It's anything but dull. And we've got loads more crazy hypercar drag races coming. So to make sure you don't miss out on those, subscribe to this channel. Anyway, until we get on with the race. It just cut out a launch because it was on for too long. Maybe some can get it right this time. You get him in an expensive car and he just chunks. 3 2 1 Oh, we're off. [Music] Oh, come on. Super small. It's [Music] super lime. Big difference. [Music] Well, it launched, mate. But do you want to know something that I found when I was testing? Talk to me. You had your car in track mode. I had mine in road mode and I practiced launching in track mode and it didn't seem to launch as well. Try yours in road mode. So, do you mean the highway one with a little highway dial on it? Yeah. Okay. 3 2 1 I need just chance. No, you can't back out of it. You can't back out of it, mate. You can't back out of it. Hey Sam, listen. I've got an idea. Now you're in the right mode. Let's just forget about that race and say whoever wins this next race is the winner overall. It's just a case of winner takes all. 3 2 1 Oh, we're on. Oh, blime me. Yes. Different story. Now we got to race. How was that for you, darling? See, I'm conflicted now because you gave me the tip, right? That sounds amazing. You You just gave me the tip and I really liked it. It was very helpful. Thanks for that. Right, let's start this. I wish I hadn't given you my tip actually because you were so far ahead then. So then what exactly happened? Well, the Pur Sport won. It completed the standing quarter mile in 9.4 seconds. The Super Sport took 9.7 seconds. Before our next race, a little message that could well help you if you're looking to buy a used car, bike, or van anytime soon. We've partnered with our friends at Car Vertical to give you a special offer to check that it's not a write-off, stolen, or had its mileage changed. Look at this Audi RS3 on Car Vertical. It's got green ticks for odometer and finance, but a damage warning. Why? It was previously involved in an accident and was a cat s write off. You'd never have known that without a car history check. So when buying a used car, bike or van, run a car vertical report using code carow for 20% off or by following the link in the description. Now back to the race. Right. And Sam, because your launch is a bit iffy, shall we get and do a roll in from about 10 mph? We'll race to the 1/4 mile and to the half mile if we have to. Yes, we do. It's the hard life for us. Three, two, one. Come on. Oh, it's spinning a bit. This is close. Come [Music] on. Come on. Yes. Oh, he's coming back. This is crazy. He's coming back. Woo. Here's the half mile. Come on. Beat the half mile. Whoa. Oh, how is that for a race? Um, you It was so odd. It was like you were coming back and then you weren't and then you I don't know. It didn't stop. I was in the seat being pushed back the whole time and just kept going. I don't even know who won that. Did you? I think I did. I really do. I think I just had you from the get- go and it was just from then on. I was always just a bit ahead. But I can't be sure. Let's just go to Action Replays to find out. Now we have a brake test from 100 mph. When we reach the cones, full emergency stop car that stops in the shortest distance winds. You'd rather watch another drag race, click on the pop out banner up there. If not, stay here for the brake test. Here it [Music] is. Well, I wasn't expecting that. Wow, that was absolutely incredible. Thank you to the owner for lending us these cars. Really appreciate it. Now, if you want to compare these cars quarter mile times to everything else we've ever drag raced, click on the car logo.