Koenigsegg Jesko v Lambo Revuelto v 1000hp BMW M3 DRAG RACE_transcript

What will happen in a drag race between a Lamborghini Roalto, a Koisgco Attack, and a rather special BMW M3 Touring? Well, we're going to find out cuz I'm going to race them over the standing quarter mile. I'm Matt Watson, and you're watching Car Wow. The Lamborghini Roalto has a 6.5 L naturally aspirated V12 with three electric motors, one in the gearbox and two on the front axle for all-wheel drive. Combined, you have 1,15 horsepower and 1 62 new m of torque. It has an 8-speed dual clutch automatic gearbox with launch control. The car weighs in at 1,872 kilos and costs from around £450,000. The Koenig Yesco Attack has a 5 L twin turbo V8 that produces 1,280 horsepower and 1,000 Nm of torque when running on superleted fuel. That power is sent to the rear wheels only via a N-speed multiclutch automatic gearbox with launch control. The car weighs in at 1,420 kg and costs around £5 million. This BMW M3 Touring has been tuned by GTech Motorworks. It has a fully built 3 L twinturbo straight 6 with a new exhaust and now makes 1,00 horsepower and 1,100 Nm of torque. It has all-wheel drive and an 8-speed automatic gearbox with launch control. The car weighs in at 1,865 kg and costs, including all upgrades, come to about £150,000. Right, this is going to be really interesting. I don't know what's going to happen. You can never tell with tune cars. That BMW, it's a complete wild card. Could perform, could break. Koigse egg, it's all going to be about traction. Rear wheel drive. We're not running it on E85, so it's not as fast as a Yesco can be, but still got lots of horsepower. It's got the most horsepower here, but it's got the least driven wheels. And then we've got this four-wheel drive, plenty of performance, should just deliver numbers day in day out, but we'll find out. Let's speak to the owners first, though. Hey air, what's your prediction as to what will happen in this race? Hi Matt, I think it'll be a close one having seen the BMW take off earlier between the BMW and the Koigseg. I think you're left for dust. I don't think you should be so sure. On paper, you are quicker, but you've got to put your power down. Are you sure you can do that? I mean, four-wheel drive is definitely going to give you an advantage. Let's see. MT in your M3. If you just look at the lineup, everyone will think you've got no chance. But your car has some serious secret sauce source, doesn't it? So, this is a £150,000 build that's included in the car. Fully built engine, fully built gearbox by GTech Motorworks myself. Obviously, nothing compared in price to this lineup. Well, first thing we're going to do is a sound check. So, I'm going to rev up my naturally aspirated V12 with a Gentini exhaust. My goodness. Go on here. 1 nil so far to the V12. Let's have a listen to your car, empty your six-cylinder, Lamborghini. Then you say, air, my car. Really? I'm going to give that to the M3. Anyway, should we get with the racing? That's what really matters. Huge shouts to Amir for bringing his car down. Absolute legend. Emir, who's in the car with you? We wanted to give you guys a bit of an advantage considering we're in a faster car. So, I bought my chubby friend Alex. Alex, come on. What you doing to our power toe ratio? Kicking be mad, wait, take that ballast out the car. He promises he ate less donuts this morning. It's your car. You can do it if you want. I'm going to take every advantage I can. So, I'm not having anyone in with me. And I'm sure you're the same, aren't you, M? Yeah, I've got the shopping in the back, though. Of course you have. Right. Have you taken any weight out that car as well as just tuning in? So, it comes with carbon ceramic brakes. We've got IBback front springs, a few suspension secret components in there, caster arm bushes, control arms. But yeah, apart from that, it's just a daddy wagon. Okay. Well, we're going to find out if it's the daddy right now. If you're thinking about selling your car to buy something new, you can do it through CarWow. Dead easy. All you have to do is click on the pop out banner up there or scan the QR code on screen now and you can get an instant valuation on your car to see how much it could be worth. Then if you list it, you'll have dealers all across the country bidding on it. Won't cost you anything to do and there's no obligation to sell if you don't like the price. Anyway, let's get on with this race. Three 2. [Music] We dropped the codeex. He had a very poor launch. That BMW is gone. [Music] [Applause] [Music] need jump started. jump started. The BMW jump. I'm going to eject some uh some ballast. Yeah, I thought you might. You're very lucky, Amir, because emptying the BMW jump. So, that race didn't count anyway. But I suggest you eject the ballast. What other weight can I take out of this car? Sorry. Ballast. Three, two, one. [Music] We lost traction. Come on, Matt. [Music] Well, I wasn't expecting that. Now the egg's coming down. [Music] So, air, I think you can probably go a bit earlier off the line. And do you know what you need to do? Buy a faster car. Okay, let's go. Two passing egg. Come on, Matt. I'm going to do you this time, bro. Let's go. [Music] What's wrong with the Kodix egg? Woohoo. Here, is there something wrong with the car? There's something wrong with me. I left it in track mode with no auto shift and forgot to shift again. M, you won that, didn't you? I don't know what's going on here. There's a£5 million car here and I've got shopping in the back. One last go. I done you there though, Matt. I didn't have a great launch then. Right in a minute. Auto shift is on. Auto shift is on. No excuses. Here we go. 3 2 1 I came past the con there. Come on, Matt. [Music] That was a late jump and I still don't. Is he shifting up? [Music] Oh, he's coming now. He's not going to catch me. A may, your launch was pretty good off the line, but then did it bog down or something. Lost traction. I didn't feel any slip. There was no traction control light coming up, so felt like I had traction. Do you think it's worth doing another race, or do you reckon that's about as fast as it's going to do? It's up to you. It's not going to get any faster. Okay. Well, here's the times. So then what exactly happened? Well, the BMW won. It completed the standing quarter mile in 9.5 seconds. The Lamborghini took 9.8 seconds and the Koix was last with a time of 9.9 seconds. And you might be thinking that Koix seems a bit slow because previously I've had 9.6 out of a Yesco attack. Well, it's because the surface we were filming on wasn't ideal for the rear wheel drive Koigg. Earlier in the day, we'd also done a load more races with this car against a tuned Suzuki Hayabusa in warmer conditions. when his tires were a bit less worn and it went quicker. Here's a quick look at that race. [Applause] Before our next race, a quick message that could save you big time. If you're looking to buy a used car, bike, or van anytime soon, then this is for you. We've partnered with our friends at Carver Vertical to give you a special offer to check that it's not a write-off, stolen, or had its mileage changed. Look at this BMW M4 on Car Vertical. It's got clean legal status, but shows a mileage roll back and a single damage record estimated up to £15,000. You'd never have known that without a car history check. So, when buying a used car, bike, or van, run a car vertical report using code carow for 20% off or follow the link in the description. Now, back to the race. I'm just going to quickly flash something onto my car to give it a little bit of less boost. Is that okay? Less boost? Why? It's too quick for you, lot man. I need to de-tune this. Don't de-tune it. Leave it as it is. All right, we'll leave it as it is. Yeah, just stay on. We want to see what it can do. Now, we're going to have a rolling race and we can do it in second gear from around 40 mph. Now, I found a great deal on a performance car through carware. If you want to see what the car is and the deal, click on the pop out banner up there or scan the QR code on screen now. If not, stay here for the race. Three, two, one, go. [Music] Oh, here goes the egg. The code executes catching the BMW. [Music] So air because I've got a hybrid system. I just shot off past you initially and then you've just came walked past me and you just kept on building and building speed. The question is though, empty, how did you pick up so quickly? Did you have like anti-lag or something? Yeah, well I told you it's got the uh Tom Wrigley and Mike Ball source in here. It's been tuned by them. So obviously to build up booze cuz it's hybrid turbo. I just flicked a little bit of anti- lag there just to kick me off and then I was gone. Thing is though, m did you manage to catch him? I was closing in on him but I think he still beat me. Ah, and I unfortunately came last. Anyone else suggest any other race? Third gear and higher speed before we floor it. Okay, let's do that then. We'll do a third gear roll on from about 60. Ready? 3 2 1 go. [Music] Welcome to Gapistan. Come on. [Music] Is that codeex going to catch a BMW? It's closer. [Music] Well, well, well. It was pretty much the same thing again, though. The gap was closer this time, wasn't it, Amir? I think 2 seconds more and I would have overtaken him. I could see it just coming back, but there wasn't enough room. Maybe if we started at 70 mph, but we won't do that today. The final thing to do is a brake test. What's going to happen with that? Now, if you'd rather watch another drag race with the cone exit, click on the pop out banner there or scan the QR code on screen. Now, you want to watch a break test, stay here. God, this car's loud. [Music] That was embarrassing for me. I got completely humiliated and destroyed. So, winner was Oh, empty. What are you doing? I don't want to leave my hot brakes jammed on. That's the only thing. I should have put the parking brakes on. Sorry. Okay, no worries. So air clear victory to you. Yeah. Are you happy with how your cars performed air? I think being rear wheel drive is kind of expected. Had we had more space, I definitely think I would have done a lot better. Definitely 3/4 of a mile you were past the BMW on the rolling race. And yeah, if we' had a bit more traction cuz this runway seems a little bit slippy. So being rear wheel drive only has really gone against you. Iny your car. Proud of it. Well, yeah. It's such a versatile build, isn't it? I mean, very proud of it. To come here and even be in the same lineup as these cars, it's a credit to my company, credit to my work, credit to the build. Now, I'm going to drive home and pick the kids up from school. And what are you doing? Are you flying home? I'll take the jet. Listen, I hope you'll enjoy the video. If you did, give it a like. If you want to watch some other videos, click on the video windows. And if you want to see how these cars compare to everything else we've ever drag race, then click on the car wow drag race leaderboard to compare their quarter mile times. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next