Lamborghini Urus v RS7 Performance DRAG RACE_transcript

What will happen in a drag race between a Lamborghini Urus and my very own Audi RS7 performance? Well, we're going to find out by racing them over the standing quarter mile. I'm Matt Watson and you're watching Car Wow. The Lamborghini RSQ8 has a 4 L twinturbo V8 that puts out 650 horsepower and 850 new m of torque. It sends power to all four wheels via an 8-speed torque converter automatic gearbox, and the car weighs in at 2.2 tons. When it was new, the car cost £175,000. The Audi RS7 Performance uses the same engine as the Lamborghini, but here it's tuned to 630 horsepower and 850 new m of torque. It has the same 8-speed torque converter, automatic gearbox, and all-wheel drive and weighs in at 2,65 kg. The RS7 Performance costs from 130,000. All right, Sam. Now, this may seem a little bit odd, me letting you drive my car and I'm in an Urus. In fact, this is all about face. I should be in that car and Yanni should be in this and yet here we are. Yeah, but when you race an Audi against an Audi, you know, only exciting things can happen. Exactly. I'm glad we're seeing it from the same him sheet. This is an Audi with some Italian bits stuck onto it. Anyway, the reason I'm not in my car is because I want it to be fair. I want it to be impartial this drag race. We want to see what this Lamborghini can do. The interesting thing about the Lamborghini is that there's many a time when Yan has raced his that he always complains about it bogging down on the launch. Why is it bogged down? So, it's going to be interesting to see how this one particularly performs. That car puts in low 11s. I'm not entirely sure which way this is going to go. One thing we do know is Audi will win. Now, shall we do a little sound check to see which Audi sounds the best? I can rev mine all the way up. There's no soft limiter because Lamborghini. I'm feeling quite soft. Yeah, typical Audi soft limiter. Now, I actually just had my car in strrada mode, so I'm going to put into coarser and it'll sound even better. Ready? Already? Listen to that. [Music] It's just the pop and bang at the end. The note is the same though, isn't it? Actually, what I'm getting in here is some fake engine noise being played through the dash, I think. Yeah. So, valve in the exhaust and fake engine noise and Corsera. Interesting. You're in sport. Yeah. Are you in RS mode? I mean, I'm in dynamic. That's RS mode, isn't it? There's an RS mode. Look at your steering wheel. The dash changed. Brilliant. Should we go on with the race? Right. Let me figure out how this works into launch. How do we do a launch? Right. H. How do I do launch control in this thing? Have you held the traction down for the fully off, not just push it once? Yeah. No, it's fully down. Where? Manual mode for the gearbox. That was the thing. Three, two, one. Oh, come on. [Music] Oh, I think if I get a better start, it's going to be close. [Music] Ooh, interesting. It's kind of neck and neck apart from the start where you just beat me off the line. Yeah, this launches really well. Okay, let's do best two out of three. Three, two, one. Whoa. Look at me pulling ahead. No. What? Oh, it was close. Ah. So, you definitely had a better reaction than me on that, but this pulled past you. What's going on? Slightly lighter, more aerodynamic. Official wheel. So, I don't I think this is on like bigger wheels than normal, so that might have hindered it. But, yeah, it launched pretty well. I fought in with a chance, but in the end, I wasn't. Does my Audi have more power than your Audi? No, my Audi has more power, but it has also more weight and more wind resistance. Should I do one more? Yeah, let's have one more. Nick, can you have a look at my wheel size? Okay. 24s. They're 24s. That's not going to help me, is it? I mean, it would help you. No, it won't help you. Ruins the ride and makes it slower. Nice. Oh, Ollie's phone. She'll hang up. Let's ignore that. Sorry, Ollie. Ollie's the owner of this car. Thanks for letting us your car. I've just hung up the phone. Maybe that was some important business deal. Three, two, one. That was the best launch this has had. Come on. [Music] [Music] Oh, he's just cuffing me now. That's a good one. Despite all my whining and winging about the wheels, that was the best launch I had. No bogging. It just got a great launch. We left pretty much neck and neck. This was a bit ahead, but four past. Yeah, Audi wins. So then what exactly happened? Well, the Audi won. It completed the standing quarter mile in 11.4 seconds. The other Audi took 11.6 seconds. If you're changing your car, then you got to check out Car Wow because there's nothing quite like knowing that you're getting a great price both when selling your old car and finding a new one. Carw makes all the stuff that's hard work about car changing like the haggling, the no-shows, and the nasty surprises. A thing of the past life changing. Now, if you want to go to car wow right now, I'll put a link in the description of this video and the pin comment. Alternatively, you can click on the pop out banner appearing in the top right hand corner of the screen now or scan the QR code on screen using your mobile phone to go directly there. Car change car wow. All right, and Samuel, let's go for a rolling race. Cars in just like the normal comfort setting. It's str on this. It's comfort on yours and auto mode for the gearbox. We'll do rolling from 50. I'm going to drive it onehanded like a proper Lambo Urus driver. 3 2 1 go. That's okay. He just kicked down. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. I You pretty much heard my foot hit the bulkhead. That was so slow that response. Oh, it's funny. [Applause] The kick down on this was terrible. Like a kick down and it paused, paused, paused and then it reacted. Yours just took off. I think a lot of your energy and power is put into raring the nose 6 foot in the air before it does anything. It looks amazing. No, it was more the fact I went whack and I you could hear my foot hitting the ball cage like do and then it was like, "All right, you want me to go quicker? Okay, I will. I'll do that now. I just got to finish off me dinner. I'm done. Let's go, but in an Italian accent. Sorry, a German accent with a slight Italian tinge to it. The mother was German and the dad was Italian. Maybe the mother was German, the father was German, but they had a pizza on the night of conception and Yanni delivered it. Anyway, that just responded quicker. Let's take the gearbox out the equation and go racing mode manual. Three, two, one, go. Pickup's really good. [Applause] Oh, goodbye. Gosh, that only sounds so much better when it's moving. Goodbye. stayed with you for a very short period of time, but I think the drag of this big beast just goes against it. I was going to say all that looked like was drag. It was identical and then wind just decided you're slowing down. Exact. Let's do a break test. Now, if you'd rather watch another drag race involving a bunch of Audi's or Lamborghinis, you have to click on the pop out banner or follow the QR code on screen now to find out whether they're actually Audi's or Lamborghini Audi's. If not, stay here. All right, then Samuel. Let's get going, mate. 100 m an I. I don't think I'm shouting enough or being aggressive enough driving this Lamborghini. Right, here we go. Here comes the line of [Applause] lines. How did this do so badly? I was laughing so much. That was amazing. I don't know. I don't I don't know what's happened there. Okay, you weren't right. But can we just do another go? Maybe I was just too slow at responding to the lie. Can we just do it again? This can't be right. I'm worried about this car. Can we just Let's just do one more time. If there's a chance I can watch that happen again. Yes, absolutely. Let's do it again. Did he break early or something? No, I was bang on the line. Are you in comfort mode? Make sure you're not in Corser mode cuz it is qu bouncy in that braking zone. Yeah, I was in Corser mode. So, let me just go into Strada. So, maybe the suspension will do a better job of like soaking up the bumps. Yeah, cuz he was skipping a bit, but it's really scary. There's a very tiny profile on those tires. Is that another negative about like oversized like rims and stuff like that? The bigger the rim, the lower the profile, cuz otherwise it won't fit in the arch, will it? With that size rim, you're going to have a very small profile and therefore a lot of the suspension's gone. Move your seat closer for some more power into the [Applause] I've literally like that wasn't quite so bad, was it? But still not great. It was bouncing a lot less. So, we've learned from that that if this was on the proper size tires, it would probably stopped in a shorter distance still. Essentially, it would have skipped a little bit less in the braking. So, less ABS, more traction, more grip, more stoppage. Yeah, correct. Cuz remember all the weight has gone forward in the braking zone. So the back of that car was fundamentally in the air. So every time it bounces it's in the air, not breaking. Big wheels might look good. Big wheels aren't always a great idea in terms of performance and braking. Lessons learned. Anyhow, I hope you'll enjoyed the video. If you did, give it a like. Click on the video windows to watch more videos. And if you click on the car logo, you can check out the Carow Drag Race leaderboard to see how these cars qual times compare to everything else we've ever drag raced. Thanks for watching.