McLaren P1 v McLaren 750S DRAG RACE_transcript

What will I win in a drag race between a McLaren P1 hypercar and a McLaren 750S supercar? Well, we're going to find out cuz I'm going to race them over the standing quarter mile. I'm Matt Watson and you're watching Car Wow. Now, let me tell you about this 750S. It's got a 4 L twin turbo V8 driving the rear wheels via a 7-speed dual clutch automatic gearbox. It puts out 750 horsepower and it has 800 new m of torque. This car weighs in at 1,440 kilos and it costs from £277,000. Though this one is probably a little bit more because it's got some extra kit on it. It's been lent to me by Driven Plus. So, thanks Driven Plus. Appreciate it. Now, let's find out about that P1 from its owner. You might recognize it already. Mark, you are now officially a hyper car owner. It's crazy, isn't it? How am I let loose in this thing? It's amazing to be inside this. Always dreamt of getting one. And yeah, I'm just sat in a tub of carbon fiber. Well, I'm sort of sat in a tub of carbon fiber because quite a lot of what your car has, my car has, apart from something very, very special about your car. Do you know what I'm talking about? Is it me sat in it or the number plate? Everyone who's watching, what are you reading the number plate as? Um, don't comment because we might get this video blacklisted. But it says P1, doesn't it? And then ENS for what does ends mean? I don't know. Well, true story. I was looking for a private regge for this and P1 FUN was expensive. P1 Jet was expensive. And then they were all about free gun. But P1 ENS for some reason was loads cheaper. It was about 500 quid. So I just went for the cheaper version, but I have no idea why it was so cheap. But yeah, I have no idea it was a cheap 500 quid for that. That is amazing. But how much was the car you put it on? So, the car I'm driving down a runway is 1.2 million pound, which is ridiculous to say. I'm embarrassed to say that I've spent that much money on a car, but it is what it is. That's like more expensive than my house, Mark. You better not crash it. I don't know about me crashing. Don't crash into me. Yeah, you've seen my driving. Anyway, I mean, in theory, you should be well ahead of me. Tell me about the power on your car. Okay, so this is a 3.8 8 L twinturbo V8, 916 horsepower, uh 900 Nm. It's rear wheel drive. It's a 7speed automatic with launch control and it's quite light. So, it's 1,490 kg. Isn't your car also boosted by some hybrid tech? Yeah, which is a bit weird with this one because um it's down as 916 horsepower. Uh but as a normal car, I've got the got stats here. It runs 740 on petrol. So, the only time it gets to like the full 916 is when I press a button. So, in theory, it's a bit of a con because unless you're driving along in the right mode with that button, it's only 740 horsepower. So, when we do the rolling races later, you're going to be pressing that button. You're going to have to coordinate. Press the button. And how long does your button boost last for? I have no idea about that. I've got actually two buttons. I've got DRS, I've got. And I think yours probably shifts automatically as well. Mine doesn't. It's a manual shift, so I got a lot to do over here. A lot to do. I've just realized you sitting on the left. Yeah. So, I reckon this is a first for car. Wow. Shall we high five at half a mile? I'll go out of my window. You'll go out your window. Big fist pump together or something like that. I don't think I can reach far enough past the mirror. What could possibly go wrong? What? Nothing. That'd be fine. Let's do that. Okay, before we get into that, shall we do a sound check? So, actually, put my window back down. I'm going to rev up this new 4 liter. That revs so quick. Go on then. Mine has a lot of with the turbos. What's that blue smoke? Please, are you serious? I never know. Are you Look, it's probably just water. Have Is it It's cold. Was it? Was the engine cold? Just have a look. Make sure it's not oil. I would. Doesn't look very easy to get in and out of. It's such a dick. So, I'm just jealous of your car. I'm just jealous. To be fair, uh, Mark, if someone said to me that there's oil coming out the back of my car, it's always worth a check. I appreciate your observation despite it was a lie. Anyway, I'm probably just doing that because I've got a feeling you may win this and I'm just trying to psych you out a little bit cuz I'm a bit of a bad sport. Seriously though, love the look of your car. People did say that why do it all black? Cuz that orange is so nice. It's so iconic. It's It was a launch color of the car. But actually, I do like it in black as well. I think it has to be seen in person to be appreciated, especially the wheels. But I just wanted it more me and I think that the way it is now is more me. I wanted it to look a bit rally car, a bit race car. And yeah, I've been rinsed with the comments and we got a video coming out which hopefully you're going to roast it as well. But I love it and I suppose that's the most important thing. It is. Do you know what? I actually seen it here in the person. I think that works like that. I think it works really well. It's good choice and the wheels work. I like it a lot. Shall we get on with this race then? Let's do it. Excited to see exactly what this car does. I've never ever launched it until today. Hopefully it'll be okay. 3 2 1 Neck and neck launch. Oh, that's more like it from Mark. [Music] That ain't right. What's happening? I've definitely got you. And it's a good job we got three races because trying to press a button and go up in gears and like not crash, it's like one of these [Applause] Oh, I wasn't looking at you then. I wonder what the hell you were doing. I thought you were like rumaging in your pocket for a Murray mint. Let me try now without changing. See if it does it auto in launch. But when I pressed Ipass, then it took off. I pass. Definitely need to press the button. But then it just like it hit a wall then I just went past you. That was remembering to change gear at the same time. If I've got to do two things with my right hand, so if I haven't got to change gear, I'm laughing. Have you got a manual with it? Definitely not. Um, now I I've got to when I pressed pass and it went so definitely needs that like there's like a point at about 100 meters this just go. Now like I said I like missed the gear change then pressing F in. I reckon it's good when I get that right. I'm going to leave you for dead. Okay. All right. All right. Fair enough. You feeling confident, Mark? Time monitoring fault. Call McLaren service center. Won't go into launch. Apart from that, we're all good. Oh, turn it off and on again. Let it cycle. Usually with a McLaren, you probably want to like turn it off, get out, and give it like 5 minutes. We can go get a cup of [Music] tea. Hopefully, it's all going to run good now. Right, Mark, do you want to start a fresh or do you want to say that I've won one? It's your choice. I'd say start fresh now if that's all right with you. Okay, let's start fresh. I've got a feeling he wants to drop me. Two. Ah, come on. Nope. It's closer though. This is a lot closer. I think he's he's gating in. He's gating in. He's getting a bit close. Come on. Come on. Do you know what, Mark? I think it's game on. I got off the line a bit better than you, but you were definitely reeling me in. Yeah, just like in the middle there. Just the middle middle bit from sort of like second to third. You had a little bit more, but this is going to be super close. I reckon if you get a slightly tighter launch, you could win the next one. Yeah, I don't know how this is going to go. Let's run again. Three, two, one. Oh, neck and neck launch. This is going to be close. Oh, it's close. I reckon I've got this. It's close. He's coming. Come on. I've got it. I've got it. I've got it. He's coming though. Come on. And look at it go. Well done. Wow. That was a race. This is so close, mate. How much did you enjoy that? That was so close. I'm shaking like that. So close. Oh, that was wicked. Oh my god. That's the difference, isn't it, between the supercar and the hypercar. So, I got away. I thought I had it. I thought I had you, but your car is getting quicker. You're learning it. So, half a mile. You might as well not bother. I'm not looking forward to the rolling races, but it's best. Two out of three. This is the decider. Oh, this is big. This is big. Are you confident? I'm I'm I'm fairly confident for you. Three, two, one. Oh, this is going to be quick. I can let it launch. This is going to be the one. Oh, come on. I think I've got it. Come on. Come on. No. He's coming past me now. So close. beat me off the line and then I had no chance. I think, like you say, this is getting a little bit warmer, a little bit nicer. It just seems to be a lot more smooth now. I think it's just a little bit like a girlfriend who's really hard work. I can't imagine that at all. I have no experience with that in any way, shape, or form. I'm feeling pretty confident and this is a lot of fun. Should we keep going? Best out of five. really. Um, okay. That you give me a window of opportunity. I'm not sure whether I'm going to be able to take it, but let's let's do it. Let's do it. I think he just wants to like hammer home his cars quicker. 3 2 1. Oh, here I come. I think he's regretting this. He's coming now, but Oh, we've got a dead team. We've got a decider. You probably should have done the best three out of five. It's two each. The big decider. This is like who's the big boxing matches? Yeah, that one. Definitely that one. Should we do like a YouTube boxing? This is the same equivalent but in cars. So, who's Jake Paul and who's KSI? I've got a feeling I'm KSI. I know I'm about to be ad. I think it's got me this time. Look at his cheeky little face. I'm watch him go now. Oh my boy. Victory for the man in black. Yes. Pop bankrol. Do you know what Mark? I'm really pleased that you won because the last thing you want to do is like buy yourself a new like car and it not to perform. Is looking shaky at first, but I'm so glad that car is delivering and it seems like a good. That was so much fun. Best of 10. I think we know what the results will eventually work out to. Ultimately, your car is faster in a launch. And I'm dead happy about that. I do like this car and um especially the matte black and the plate. So then what exactly happened? Well, the P11, it completed the standing quarter mile in 10.1 seconds. The 750S took 10.3 seconds. Right now, we're going to have a rolling race. Before we do though, I found a great performance car that's available through Car Wave. So if you want to find out what the car is and the saving through car way, just click on the pop out banner in the top right hand corner of the screen or scan the QR code on screen now. So Mark, what we're going to do is we're going to go manual mode, second gear, roll on from 30, race over the half mile. Don't press your pass button. Okay, just let's see what happens when you're not got that electric boost. I'm trying to give myself a bit of a cheeky edge. That sounds rude. I'm trying to give myself a bit of an advantage. But we will then run the next race. Same thing again, but with the pass button being pressed. Okay. So, we can see the difference. Okay. So, I'm like down 167 horsepower with that electric boost. Yeah, I'm a little bit bitter after losing the drag race best out of five. But let's do it. You ready? Just stay level with me and I'll call it in. 3 2 1 go. [Music] Oh, no. I need that power. I need my button. That's interesting. I need my button. That's not [Music] fair. This is so fast. Yours being a hybrid got the initial jump on me. You can see that like torque fill, can't you? And then when this got on boost, absolutely just roasted past you, which is weird because your engine has how much horsepower? It is by itself 740. But if you'd imagine, I'd imagine it's probably made to have that motors with it. Like it's designed to have that with it. Yeah, cuz this does 750 horsepower and it went past you like there was a bigger difference in horsepower. But do you know what? Um, I kind of stacked the cards in my advantage there by making you not press the pass button. We're going to do it with it now and see what difference that makes. So, as soon as you go right when I say go, get that pass button on and let's see. Let's see what happens. Three, two, one, go. Oh, got a bit of wheel [Music] spin. No chance. No chance for me. Yes, that's a ride difference. And I'm going a lot of speed here. Okay. Um, that made a difference. Gee, this is exciting. We We span between fourth and fifth. This thing is super super exciting. Okay, I want to do one last thing. Let's do it again. Don't press the pass button. When I start to come past you, just a little bit past you, press it. Okay, let's see. 3 2 1 [Music] go. Here we go. He's going to press pass now. Right, I'm going pass. We're going past. [Music] Miss President, is it going to work? I want too much of a roll on him. Oh, he's coming. He's coming. He's coming. Oh. Oh, it's going to be close. You can see it doing its job. So, you're reeling me in. At the very last moment, I thought you're going to have beat. I reckon if it was another 50 m, you'd have come past, but I had a little bit too much momentum, didn't I? Yeah, it makes a big difference. All of a sudden, you can feel like a a burst of energy. I love it. Do you press it on the road? You just not bother. Like, I've never pressed it. Like, we we did it around Silverstone for a little bit, but like now I know what it's like. Every traffic lights on the way to work now. every single one. Okay. Right. Final challenge. Let's do it. Now we can have a brake test from 100 mph. When we reach live, full emergency stop. Car that stops in the shortest distance wins. Okay. If you'd rather watch another drag race with the P1, click on the pop out banner up there or scan the QR code on [Applause] [Music] screen. That's close. Your 60,000 brakes absolutely 100% did the job. They did, but like you've got to think my 60,000 brakes are probably now worn out. So, you owe me a lot of money. I don't think so. I think they're probably £30,000 brakes now. Please say we're only doing that once. We're only doing it once. Listen, Mark, thanks for coming down with your car. It's been interesting. It's been a learning experience and it's been a whole lot of fun. That car is mega. I think you did the right thing by choosing that the selection of hyper cars you were looking at. So, congratulations on your purchase, mate. Love it. Especially the number plate. Yeah, thank you. And it's been amazing because like a day like today, I get to try this car properly, which is what this car is all about. And doing it on the M42 is obviously not an option. No, no, it's definitely not. Anyway, listen, huge thanks to Driven Plus for lending me this. Cheers, Troy, and the team. Go check them out, their channel. There's a link in the description. Ah, what a day. I'll see you next time.